Add HeaderContentTemplate feature and update DataGrid section. (#586)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/datagrid/columns/nested-properties.md

DataGrid provides support for nested properties - this allows binding of complex objects to the grid columns.

In addition, the DataGrid control provides the following property:  

> * `ListenForNestedPropertyChange` *(bool)*: Allows the DataGrid to listen for changes of the nested properties' values. By default is *false*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ListenForNestedPropertyChange` (`bool`): Allows the DataGrid to listen for changes in the nested properties' values. The default value is `false`.
```

> >tip `ListenForNestedPropertyChange` is false due to optimization purposes, you can enable it in case you'd need to update the nested properties' values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>tip `ListenForNestedPropertyChange` is `false` due to optimization purposes. You can enable it in case you'd need to update the nested properties' values.
```

## Example

> Here is an example how you can use the nested properties feature in DataGrid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of how you can use the nested properties feature in DataGrid:
```

 <snippet id='datagrid-nested-proprty-address' />

> In the sample both classes inherit from `NotifyPropertyChangedBase` class which basically implements the `INotifyPropertyChanged` interface. You would need to add the following namespace to use it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the sample, both classes inherit from the `NotifyPropertyChangedBase` class, which implements the `INotifyPropertyChanged` interface. You would need to add the following namespace to use it:
```
